[coughing]
Hey. Hey. Hold still. Hold still.
It's okay. Where is it?
Where is it? Oh, my--
-I'm sorry.
-[Peterkin gasping]
-I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
-Call!
-[John B] I'm sorry.
-[sobs] No, no.
[wheezing] Call!
-[Rafe] Dad!
-[Peterkin] Call for help.
-[Ward] Hey. Wait.
-[Rafe] Hey!
[Ward] Rafe, no! Rafe!
Don't try it, asshole.
-[Ward] Rafe-- John B, give me the radio.
-[Rafe] I--
-No.
-[Ward] Come on.
Give me the radio.
-[feedback whines]
-[Ward] The damn radio.
[gasping and groaning]
[sobbing]
[Ward] Rafe, I've got it. Calm down.
-Rafe, put the gun down.
-[sighs]
I got it.
Run.
I'm not leaving you.
-[Ward] He can't do anything.
-[Rafe] Yeah.
-He can't. I got you. You're okay.
-[muttering]
-Run!
-[voice breaking] I'm sorry.
-Where are you goin'? Huh?
-[Sarah] Run.
-[Rafe] Where you going, John B?
-[Sarah] No!
[all yelling]
-[Rafe] Sarah!
-[gunshots]
-[Ward] Sarah, no!
-[Sarah] No! Please don't!
-[Rafe] Sarah!
-Rafe, no! Wait! Rafe, please!
-[Rafe screaming]
[Sarah] I'm sorry.
It's not your fault, sweetie.
-[wheezing]
-I'm so sorry. [sobbing]
[gasping] Dad, I was trying to--
Shut up!
-Sa-- Sarah.
-[Sarah] What?
-Sarah, I need you to--
-[Sarah] No!
-I need you to get up.
-[Sarah] She is dying!
-Enough!
-What is wrong with you?
Take your sister home. Get her home.
-What?
-Get her home. Take her home.
-I'm not going until the medics come!
-[Ward] Get her home!
-I'm calling!
-I'm not going.
-[Rafe] You heard Dad.
-Get your hands off!
-[Ward] I'm on the radio!
-[Sarah] No!
-[Ward] Sweetie, look! I'm calling!
-[Sarah] No! No!
[Ward] I'm calling now!
-This is Ward Cameron!
-[Rafe] Go!
-[Ward] I need help.
-[Sarah] No!
-Kildare Executive Airport.
-[Sarah] No! No!
-[Sarah sobbing] No! No! No!
-[Ward] Runway five.
-[Ward] I need help! Officer down!
-[Rafe] Get in the car.
-Don't move!
-[Ward] Got an officer down!
At the airport!
She's injured very, very badly!
We need help!
-We need... we need help at this--
-[Peterkin groaning]
[feedback chirps]
[Peterkin gasping]
[sighs] Sh, sh. Sh.
[whispers] Hey, hey, hey. Sh. It's okay.
It's okay.
[Peterkin wheezing]
Why did you do it?
[whimpering]
We could've worked something out, Susan,
I promise you.
-[horn blares]
-[tires screech]
[groans]
[man] Hey!
-[grunts]
-[man] You okay? Hey, man.
[gasping]
[man] Hey, man, you're bleeding!
You need some help?
Gavin, come in. This is Ward.
Yeah, it's Gavin. Go ahead, Ward.
Listen, man, I need you to come back here
and fly this thing out.
Me? I-- I thought you were flyin' it out?
I can't. There's, uh--
there's been an accident. I have to--
Yes, sir. I'm on my way now.
-Head to the runway.
-Copy that.
-She had the hammer back. You know that.
-No.
-She was gonna blow his head off.
-No, she was arresting him, Rafe.
Okay, I couldn't sit there
and let it happen, okay?
She was gonna kill him.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, she was gonna kill him.
[hyperventilating]
-[Sarah yelps] No!
-[Rafe] Hey! Hey!
-Hey, get back in!
-Ow! Rafe!
-No! Ow!
-[Rafe] What are you doing?
Get off of me!
Swear to God, all right!
I've had it with your bullshit!
You need to focus. You understand me?
Do you realize what you've done?
I saved Dad.
What was I supposed to do, okay?
Sit there, hope for the best?
All right?
Listen, I'm a proactive type of person.
-Sarah, I'm a proactive type of person.
-Get off of me. Don't you dare touch me!
-Hope is not a strategy, okay?
-[Sarah] Rafe!
-Car!
-[horn blaring]
[tires squealing]
[both panting]
I'm the problem solver in this family,
-okay?
-Okay.
-[yells] Okay?
-Okay!
[plane engines whirring]
[Pope] There goes the gold.
Shit! [grunts]
-[Pope] Fuck!
-[Kie] Pope!
God damn it!
Shit! Fuck!
Shit!
Damn it!
[yelling]
[Kie] Pope!
[yells]
-[Kie] Pope!
-[hyperventilating]
[Kie] Pope.
Yeah, dude.
I was wondering
when this was gonna happen.
Here you go, chief.
A little weed never hurt no one.
[Kie] JJ.
[JJ] Relax, Kie.
[Kie] You know he doesn't smoke.
[JJ] Well, maybe not until today.
[Kie] Pope.
Yeah, what is that gonna help?
I lost my scholarship.
Walked out in the middle of the interview.
Every-- It's gone. It's not gonna happen.
You did that for us?
No, not for us.
For nothing.
[JJ] I'm here for you, Pope.
Welcome to my world, okay?
-JJ--
-What, Kie? He's right.
It doesn't matter anymore.
You don't have to do that.
What do you care?
-[JJ] Dude! Dude, you good?
-[Kie] Oh, my God! John B!
-[JJ] Is this yours?
-[Kie] Whose blood is that?
-[siren approaching]
-Hey, you okay, man?
John B, are you okay?
[Pope] Shit.
[Ward grunting]
[siren approaching]
-[Shoupe] Damn it.
-[Ward] Come on!
[Shoupe] Hey! Hands! Hands!
I'm the one that called you, Shoupe.
Help me.
-[Shoupe] Shit.
-Come on.
All right.
Stop for a sec. Stop. Stop.
-How long's she been unresponsive?
-Since I've been doin' this.
Shit. All right. Go back to it.
All right. Hey. All right.
-[radio bleeps]
-[Shoupe] Central.
-Central, 10-13.
-[panting]
Kildare Executive Airstrip.
Peterkin's been shot. Send a bus!
[woman on radio] Copy that.
Dispatching bus to your location.
-We got ya.
-[Ward] Come on.
-I'm tryin'!
-Come on, Shoupe!
I'm tryin' to get
the goddamn regulator on!
They give us trainin'
once a year for this.
It's been six months
since I seen this fuckin' thing.
-[Ward] Come on.
-[Shoupe] Okay, okay.
-All right. I'll give her two breaths.
-Okay.
-Then go back to it. All right?
-[Ward] Okay.
[Shoupe] One. Two. Aah! Go.
Who shot her?
You see the goddamn van?
Who the hell you think did it?
Central. ETA on that bus?
[woman] They're caught in the cut.
15, 20 minutes.
Well, damn it! All right, en route.
Tell 'em we're comin'.
We gotta transport her ourselves.
All right?
-Ah! I got her shoulders.
-[Ward] Get her.
[van pulls up]
Hey! Your dad is not gonna like
that you're back home.
He told me I could come here.
Well, he didn't tell me.
Why aren't you on the plane?
Ask Rafe.
[siren blaring]
-[Ward] Almost there.
-[Shoupe] Watch the car!
-Ward! Shit.
-[Ward] Sorry! Tryin' to get there!
[Shoupe] I know. It's all right.
Hey. Hey, we're almost there. All right?
Home stretch.
-You all right?
-[woman] They're here, let's roll!
[Shoupe] We got you.
All right. Come on!
Come on! Get her out!
-[man] I got her. I got her.
-[Shoupe] Be careful.
-[man 1] Got her. Come on.
-[man 2] Go.
[Shoupe] Yeah. Yeah.
All right?
I was doin' CPR in there.
We can't find a pulse now, all right?
-You got her? You got her?
-[man 1] We got her.
[woman] Get her in a room.
We have three open.
-[man] All right.
-[Shoupe] They got ya.
[woman] Cardiac monitor on.
Let me know if there's rhythm.
Hang in there, Pete. You got this!
[woman] Come on. Let's go.
Start two lines for IVs now. Push in...
[radio chatter]
[door closes]
Sorry.
-Me too.
-Uh, she, uh...
I know.
-We did everything we could.
-[PA beeps]
[man on PA] Team to ICU, please.
-Team to ICU.
-I'm gonna find that fuckin' kid.
Let's get on this!
We got work to do, y'all.
[cicadas chirping]
[JJ] John B, what are we doing
at the police station?
[John B] Somebody's gotta tell them
what happened.
[Pope coughs]
[JJ] Ooh...
-[coughing]
-Easy there, chief.
Damn.
[Pope continues coughing]
All right.
I'm just gonna be real with you right now.
You might end up in the lion's den,
but you don't go there on purpose.
It's fundamental.
Just like my old man always told me,
you should never ever trust cops,
no matter what the circumstance is.
-Your old man's an abusive liar.
-[Pope] I agree with JJ.
Fuck the police.
You goin' to the dark side now?
When's the last time
the police helped us?
Peterkin looked out for me, all right?
Tried to, at least.
They need to know.
[on radio] Adam, at the clinic.
Peterkin's still in the ER.
[dispatcher] Advise if you need air tran.
Copy.
[Adam] Copy that.
[static crackles on radio]
-[dispatcher] Are you there?
-Uh... excuse me, ma'am.
This is not a good time, kid.
Adam, advise if you need air tran.
I know who shot the sheriff.
You stay put.
I'll get a deputy.
[Shoupe] Central, three Vick.
We have a suspect in our 31.
-John Routledge.
-[scoffs]
[woman] Copy that. All units,
be on the lookout for John B Routledge.
[Shoupe] Sixteen-year-old white male.
Six foot.
Last seen wearing board shorts,
a "Bad Brains" T-shirt,
and a faded red hoodie.
[woman] Copy that.
Just... breathe. All right?
[deputy] Let me see your hands.
[officer] John B, do what he says.
Look, I didn't... I didn't do it, okay?
Don't... move.
-Don't move!
-[cocking guns]
[deputy] Shit!
[John B] Kie! Start the car!
-Start the car, Kie!
-[Kie] What? John B?
-What did you do?
-[John B] The cops!
-[JJ] Shit!
-[John B] Go!
-Kie, drive! Go!
-[Kie] I'm going! I'm sorry!
-[John B] Go, Kie! Go!
-[deputy] Stop the car!
-Right now!
-What did you do?
Open it.
-[grunting]
-[officer] Pull over!
[yells]
[grunts, panting]
[Rose] Ward, whose blood is that?
It's Peterkin's.
Peterkin?
What the hell happened to Peterkin?
She's dead.
She got shot.
[Rose] Jesus! By who?
[sighs] Where are the kids, Rose?
I don't know. They're up in their rooms.
Okay.
[Rose] Ward, who shot her?
I'll be right back.
Where the hell are you going, Ward?
Hey, no! Get back here!
-I need to know what is going on here!
-I don't give two shits
what you need right now, okay?
[Ward sighs]
Is... she alive?
-No?
-No.
Okay.
[Rafe laughs]
[Rafe sighs]
What did you-- what did you tell the cops?
Are they comin' here?
I told them John B did it.
Told them John B did it.
That's good.
Yes, that could work.
Rafe, I need you to go to your room.
I need you to clean up.
Take a shower, all right?
Anybody asks you, you were here,
all day, doin' maintenance
on the Druthers.
-No, Rose knows I wasn't here.
-I will talk to Rose, okay?
Please, just do what I say.
-[Rafe] What about Sarah?
-What about Sarah?
Okay, listen. Sarah--
-Sarah has a big mouth, okay?
-[Ward] Sarah's fine.
-She won't sell the family out.
-No. You don't understand.
-She won't hurt us.
-You didn't see her.
-[Ward] I don't care.
-She's flipping out, Dad.
-Rafe! Stop!
-[Rafe] I have a suggestion--
-What?
-I don't need your help right now.
I didn't need it then.
I don't need it now.
I just need to think!
So, please, go clean up!
You understand, right?
[sighs]
-[exhales deeply]
-[Rafe] You understand?
-[Ward] Understand what, Rafe?
-Why I did it.
You were in trouble,
and I was protecting you.
[sighs]
Okay?
Look, me. Dad.
[sniffles] Rafe.
Not Sarah, okay? It was me.
I'm sorry, uh...
[Ward] I know. Come here. Come on.
Come on, bud.
Come on, bud. I'm sorry.
I love you.
[kisses]
[sighs]
[Ward] I love you, Rafe, so much.
[laughs]
The first thing we gotta do...
is lock this place up.
Suspend the ferry and, uh, set up patrols
from Figure Eight,
all the way to the other side of the cut.
And I want fuckin' posters made,
with a reward.
Ten thousand worth of nautical
from the impound lot.
Ten thousand. Wouldn't be enough
to keep me from killin' that guy.
Twenty-five, then.
That oughta be enough to turn every person
on this island into a lookout.
I know that guy.
He got blood on my car.
-Where was it at?
-Just on the other side of...
[siren blaring]
[broadcaster] Good news
for residents of Outer Banks.
Dominion Power says
their underwater transmission line,
which will restore power
to 90% of the area...
-[siren blaring]
-...should be functional within 24 hours.
[second siren approaching]
And still, no arrest in the shooting death
of Sheriff Susan Peterkin.
The state police have issued a statement
regarding a local person of interest,
-a juvenile from--
-[switches radio off]
[JJ] Let's game this out.
Maybe you guys can help,
being the smart ones and all, but...
[sighs] ...who are the cops
going to believe?
Ward Cameron or us?
So the accuser is a bigshot developer,
kind of lord of the island,
got the governor on speed dial
kind of person,
and the accused...
is John B,
who is...
pretty much a homeless 16-year-old boy
at the moment.
Thanks.
Shit.
[JJ] Okay, man.
Yucatan, all right?
I'm saying that's the only option.
-What other option do you have?
-Enough with the Mexico bullshit.
-Sarah will bail me out.
-[Kie] She did witness the whole thing.
-Thank you.
-And she's gonna snitch on her brother?
Not happening, bro. Okay?
We've gotta get you off the island.
[Pope] The ferry. It's the only way.
-Exit stage left while you still can.
-[siren approaching]
-Before the entire island is on lockdown.
-Guys, just get down.
-[Pope] Sarah's not a Pogue, John B.
-[JJ] Yeah. You can't stay here, man.
[Sarah] What's gonna happen to Rafe?
[sighs]
Baby, nothing's gonna happen to Rafe.
Excuse me?
-What do you mean, nothing'll happen?
-Honey--
-That makes no sense!
-I know it seems that way.
-He shot her!
-Listen to me, sweetheart.
You grow up in this world
thinking there is good and there's evil,
and that's how it should be,
because that's helpful when you're young,
when you need some kind of...
structure.
But there reaches a point when you realize
that the world isn't organized
along some divine idea of right and wrong.
It's not. It's something else.
It's family...
and tribe.
Do you understand?
-You have to pick a side, Sarah.
-No.
Him or us.
[gasps]
[door closes]
-[key turns in lock]
-No.
No. No!
Shit!
Let me out.
-[yells] Let me out! Please!
-Why are you locking her in there?
-Sh. Sweetie...
-[Sarah yells] Dad, please!
...there has been an... accident,
and your sister's very upset,
and she just needs a little time alone
to calm down.
So we're gonna give her that, okay?
You can't lock her in there.
-That's super dysfunctional.
-Wheezie... just go to your room, okay?
-[Wheezie] What did I do?
-Go to your room!
Shit.
[sighs] Okay.
-Okay. All right, no.
-Pope, can you act normal?
[Pope] So, um... okay, so, bad news.
The ferry's closed, and there is this.
-What is that? What is this?
-[Kie] Shit.
Well, John B, uh...
this is a good framer of you.
Okay, so the whole island's
lookin' for John B right now.
-That's a lot of money.
-Congratulations, John B. You're famous.
Guys, we got to get to the HMS.
We need small, no running lights--
It's at the Château, Kie.
And I wonder if the cops got
the entire place staked out.
Let me think. Oh, yeah. No.
They definitely have
that place locked down.
-[Kie] Yeah, copy that.
-Let me think. Just give me a second.
-JJ.
-[JJ] What?
Does your dad still have that boat?
The cigarette boat, the Phantom.
-The one he used to race.
-Maybe.
You could get right up the coast,
no problem.
-Okay, look.
-[JJ] It won't be easy, Pope.
-The surf's running from three to four.
-[JJ] I don't know where the keys are.
-Well, find them.
-[JJ] I'm thinking.
-Why is nobody moving forward?
-Can you relax?
-JJ, how much weed did you give him?
-Guys.
-Your car's on the poster.
-[beeps horn]
-Can we move it?
-Pope!
-It won't help.
-Mom. Look.
[Pope] Come on!
-Don't honk the horn.
-[boy] It's that guy. Right there.
-Shit.
-We got a snitch. Pope, turn the car on.
-[boy] We get $25,000 if we find him.
-Hey!
He's right there!
-[Kie] Hey! We gotta go!
-[JJ] Turn the car on!
-I found him first!
-Hell you did, you little bastard!
-Pope, turn the frickin' car on!
-I am trying!
-[Kie] Dude--
-Turn the car on!
Go, go, go, go, go!
-Oh!
-[crowd gasps]
-Pope! Jeez!
-[Kie] Dude, back up!
-[JJ] Hey!
-[Kie] The other way.
[JJ] It's okay! Pope, just go!
-[Kie] Hey!
-[Pope] Sorry!
Hey!
-[Kie] What are you doing?
-[JJ] We'll bump out.
We need backup on a green SUV.
Iota, Kappa, Echo, Foxtrot.
Watch out! Pope!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, watch out!
-Watch out!
-[laughs]
-Oh, my God!
-Pope!
-What the fuck?
-I'm livin' my best life now.
-My mom'll kill me.
-Oh, my God.
[JJ] I should be the last to say this,
but you are not okay to drive. Stop!
-[tires squeal]
-[JJ] Oh, jeez.
-John B, get out.
-[JJ] He's right.
-We'll draw the cops, you run.
-Shit.
I'll get the rig, and I'll meet you
in the dump tomorrow, okay?
Three o'clock, okay?
-Yeah.
-[JJ] Three tomorrow at the dump.
-[JJ] Come on, go, go, go!
[tires squeal]
[sighs]
-[Wheezie] What are you doin'?
-Tossin' this crap.
[Wheezie] That's John B's.
Yeah, well, I don't think he's gonna be by
anytime soon to pick it up, so--
Why?
Did you say why?
-They didn't tell you?
-Nobody tells me anything.
Um...
so, John B...
killed Sheriff Peterkin.
What?
Yeah.
-You smilin' right now?
-Yeah.
I'm not joking. Like, this isn't a game.
I don't--
I don't know why you're smiling, okay?
Look at me.
I saw it with my own two eyes, all right?
He shot her,
and then you know what he did?
He tried to shoot Dad, but I stepped in,
and I stopped him, right?
I saved his life.
Why would John B want to kill Dad?
Uh, because... um...
he thinks Dad killed his father.
He wants vengeance.
Oh, yeah. I don't know.
I'm telling you, he's...
[sighs] ...he's a maniac.
Hm.
And Sarah has been hanging out with him.
[siren wailing]
[grunts, panting]
[siren approaching]
[John B] Shit!
Shit.
[garage door whirs]
[sirens continue wailing]
[sighs]
[groans]
-[hip-hop playing on stereo]
-Pope, you clocked that car, man.
Like, that was so bad!
I'm just glad I'm not driving now.
[JJ laughing]
Pull over.
[Kie] JJ, it's not funny.
He shouldn't be driving.
Mama's mad.
What are you--
Where are we goin'?
The last place they're gonna look.
[dog barking]
[thumping]
[woman] All units, reports of a white male
running through backyards
in the 100 block of Church Street.
[siren wailing]
Repeat, all units, neighbors reported
white male running through backyards
in the 100 block of Church Street.
[gasping]
John B?
-Hey, man.
-[Kelce] John B.
Just listen to me for a second. Relax.
Man, what are you doin' here?
[John B] I-- I'm sorry. I didn't mean to--
-Man, I know what you did.
-Please listen to me.
-[Kelce] Get out of my house!
-I didn't do it. Just listen.
-Don't talk to me. I know what you did.
-No, no, no, no.
-[Kelce] Get outta my house!
-Just listen to me. I didn't do it.
-Yo, put the knife down.
-You just invaded the homeland, bro.
-I'm warnin' you.
-Put it down.
[Kelce] You need to get the hell
outta my house right now. Hey!
[rattling door]
[gasping]
Kelce?
[siren approaching]
[Kelce] Oh, shit.
-[rattling door handle]
-Hey, man. Hey, hey, hey.
[Kelce] You're in the house of pain
now, bro. You hear that?
-I got you. I got you, man.
-Fuck.
-[Pope] Perfectly focused.
-[JJ] You sure this is a good idea?
[Kie] She's the only one
who can clear John B.
[JJ] Last place they'll look
because of how stupid it is.
[Pope grunts]
[groans]
[Kie] Okay, I've got a plan.
[Pope] Yeah, I have plans.
We can do plan.
Let's do the plan thing.
Let's get it. Let's plan it out.
-Can you handle a plan right now?
-[scoffs]
Course I can handle a plan right now.
I'm-- I'm Plan Guy. I'm--
I'm Mister Plan-o-Matic.
Hey, I'm-- I'm always...
♪ Thinkin' of a master plan, aye ♪
-♪ 'Cause there ain't nothin'-- ♪
-[Kie] Sh!
-Sh, sh!
-[muffled] Kie, let me--
Look, this is a quiet plan.
-Okay?
-[Pope] Mm.
Mm.
Can I move my hand?
[Pope sighs]
I love you, Kie.
What?
I love you. I'm in love with you.
You're wasted.
[Pope] No, I know I'm wasted,
and that's why I'm saying this now.
I really feel like this. I love you.
-I've been meaning to tell you, I love--
-Are we doing this right now?
-I'm trying to tell you how I feel.
-Pope... Pope!
-Pope! Pope! Pope, sh!
-Hey, I'm tryin' to tell you, I love you.
First of all, I need you to be quiet.
-Okay, yeah. Quiet, I mean--
-No. Stop talking, like, now.
Starting now.
Second of all...
thank you for saying that.
[Pope chuckles] Okay...
Now, that's very sweet, but it's--
Look, it's not gonna happen.
Okay, well, why not?
[Kie] Because Pogues
can't mack on other Pogues.
That rule doesn't make sense,
and nobody follows it.
Look, I-- I want something different.
-[Pope] Okay, I--
-I-- I wanna go to Antarctica,
and I wanna ride camels...
-I want to do those things with you.
-[Kie] No. Pope, it's not gonna work.
-I want to be that person.
-No. It's not gonna happen!
Do you understand what I'm saying? Like...
Look, I know that that's really hard
to hear right now,
but we don't have time for this,
and this is a really bad place to do it.
Are you okay?
-Yeah.
-Are you ready for the plan, or...
Yeah.
Okay.
Top, wake up. Top, wake up, man!
Yo. Yo, look.
You won't believe
who I got down the hall, bro.
-Yo, get up, man! Come on!
-Jeez.
-[Kelce] Get up. Come on.
-All right, all right.
[Kelce] Yo.
Okay, what?
Bro, I'm just-- I'm just eatin' cereal,
and-- and I look up,
and bam, intruder alert, bro.
Knock, knock!
-[John B] Hey! Hey, Kelce. Hey, buddy.
-[door handle rattles]
-[John B] Please just-- just let me out.
-I don't think so, bitch.
Word on the street is that you got
a bounty on your head, bro.
-It's not-- No. It's not what it seems.
-[Kelce] 25K cash money, dead or alive.
-Please--
-[Kelce] Isn't that right, John B?
[whispers] Hey. What the hell's goin' on?
I'm-- I'm gonna go get the cops,
all right? All right?
Bro...
don't let that dog out.
[Pope] Gotta stick to the plan.
-[gas hissing]
-[Pope] I like camels. I like Antarctica.
What's wrong with that plan?
Same.
[rubber duck squeaks]
[lighter clicks]
[gasps] Shit!
[grunting]
Kie!
[Kie] Shit.
[sighs]
Are you in on it?
Did you think I was?
No.
[Ward] Sarah!
Sarah!
-[Ward] Sarah?
-Go!
[Ward] Sarah!
You in there?
[Sarah] Yeah.
Where else would I be?
You locked me in here.
[key turns in lock]
Look, Kelce,
just-- just-- just let me out, man.
Yeah, Kelce isn't here, bro. It's Topper.
-Oh, boy.
-[chuckles] Yeah.
Yeah. Surprise.
Okay. Um...
Hey, Top. It's John B.
-[Topper] Hey, man.
-Hey, man. So--
-[Topper] Gonna try to talk your way out?
-Look--
Just cut the bullshit, all right?
Like, the-- the chickens
are roostin', brother.
Like, it-- it is over.
-You're in some deep shit now, man.
-[John B] Listen to me!
I didn't kill the sheriff.
-[Topper] You didn't shoot the sheriff?
-No, I didn't. It was Rafe!
All right? Sarah was there.
She saw the whole thing.
Oh, it was Rafe. Okay. My bad.
[John B] I get it, man.
You don't believe me,
and honestly, I probably
wouldn't believe myself either, but...
I-- I get it, all right?
You hate me because of Sarah.
You knew we were
boyfriend and girlfriend, right?
-[siren wailing]
-[Topper] Mm?
Yeah. Yeah, my bad.
Piece of shit.
And, um, I-- I got another question.
-[John B] Go for it, buddy.
-[scoffs]
Did you fuck her? Hm?
No.
No? You sure?
No. I--
-Yes, I-- I did know--
-Yes or no, John B?
Okay, look, man. Yes!
-Yeah?
-[John B] We-- we did it... we did it...
once.
Okay? But maybe don't use the f-word.
That's kinda gross. Grotesque...
-My bad, man. I'm so sorry.
-...way to describe it.
What word...
what word would you like me to use?
I don't know. Any other word.
Okay, the-- the l-word?
-What l-word?
-Love?
Huh?
-Look, I don't know--
-You love her, or you don't.
-Do you love her?
-I don't know, Top. It's too new, okay?
Okay, well, then...
Okay, what does it feel like?
Huh? What does it feel like
when you're with her?
Does she make you crazy?
Can you sleep at night, like...
[John B] Uh...
I mean, it's-- it's...
it's fun and-- and exciting and...
sometimes it's scary.
Uh, I-- I don't know, man. It's like...
getting struck by lightning
and-- and not getting burned,
-or--
-What the hell are you saying?
I don't know, man. It's like--
It's like we're in a movie, sometimes.
It's like you're in a fuckin' mov--
That's not love!
I'm in love with her,
and I know that hurts...
but, uh...
I'm in love, man.
[siren approaching]
-I'm in love.
-[Topper] It's over for you, man.
This is it. Your little wild adventure.
Your little movie.
Cops are on their way.
Hope you enjoyed it.
[sniffs]
[Rose] Wheezie told me
you locked Sarah in her room.
-What's going on?
-[Ward] I can't right now.
-[Rose] I need to know!
-[Ward] No!
[thump]
[whispers] Wheezie.
Wheezie?
Wheezie.
Yes.
[whispers] Wheezie.
Wheezie, are you there?
Wheezie?
Damn it! Will you stop writing
in your diary, please? Wheezie, please?
Talk to me.
Wheezie, SOS. Please answer me.
Hello?
Sarah?
-[Sarah] Wheezie. Hi.
-[gasps]
Can you believe it?
I mean, you think you know the guy,
but it turns out that he's a killer.
I mean, living in our house.
-It gives me the total creeps.
-I need to talk to you.
[Wheezie] When you see on TV,
and they're, like...
all the neighbors are, like,
-"He's a normal guy."
-[Sarah] No--
-Wheezie!
-[Wheezie] It's crazy!
I mean, my sister dating a killer.
[Wheezie gasping]
[Sarah sobs]
[continues sobbing]
[Wheezie] You don't still have feelings
for John B, do you?
-[Sarah] Of course I do!
-Like--
Like, women who fall in love with guys
on death row?
It's just so horrible!
[sobbing]
Are you crying?
[Sarah] No shit, I'm crying.
I just really need my sister right now.
Can you please come in here?
[sighs] Well, Dad told me
not to open the door.
Okay, well, if you keep the door locked
and you don't say anything, he won't know.
[sobs]
I really need you!
[sighs]
[whispers] Sarah.
[Sarah] Shh...
[closes door]
[whispers] I need you to listen to me.
John B is not a killer.
He did not shoot anyone.
I was there.
Well, then, who did it?
I need you to stay quiet about me
for as long as you can.
Okay.
John B needs my help.
Can I count on you?
-[Wheezie] Pinky swear.
-[Sarah] Yeah.
[breathing shakily]
[man] I'm lookin' out my kitchen window,
all of a sudden,
there's a kid runnin' through
my neighbor's yard in a hoodie.
[Shoupe] What time?
-[man] 9:30...
-[Kelce] Hey, Officer!
Hey, Officer, we got your guy!
Got him locked up in my house.
Got him trapped in my laundry room.
[Shoupe] What?
[tires screeching]
[siren whoops]
[siren wails]
[deputy] Shoupe. There you are. Over here.
[Shoupe] All right. What we got?
Haven't gone in yet.
Had to set up the perimeter first.
[Shoupe] Where is he?
He's in the laundry room,
around the corner from the kitchen.
-[Shoupe] This your house?
-Yes, sir.
[Shoupe] Your parents
got him pinned in there?
[Kelce] No, sir, that was me.
But I got my boy Top in there
guardin' him.
-All right. Is he armed?
-No, sir.
[radio chatter]
[man on radio]
All units converge on 125 Church.
All units converge on 125 Church Street.
[woman] Hey.
I think they've got him trapped
in this house.
It's John B. It's John B Routledge.
All right, John B!
It's Shoupe out here.
We got you surrounded.
We don't want any more bloodshed.
-[sighs] Shit.
-[Shoupe] We're comin' in.
What a misunderstanding, bro.
Like, everyone thinks it's you.
-[John B] I didn't do it.
-Good.
-[John B] Topper!
-What?
-[John B] Just let me out!
-[door rattling]
[deputy] Want me to lead?
He shot Miss Pete down
like a dog in the street.
I got this.
Remember the fallen, Sheriff!
[man 1] Yeah, that's right!
Kill the son of a bitch!
Yeah.
[man 2] Get him.
[man 3] Get him, Shoupe!
-Kildare County!
-[Topper] Hey, we're back here, sir!
Thomas, let me do this.
I'm comin' with you.
All right, sir. He's right in there.
-[Shoupe] All right.
-All right.
-[Shoupe] I got it from here, son.
-No mercy, all right?
-Thomas, get the kid outta here.
-[Thomas] Yeah. I got him.
All right, John B.
This is the end of the road!
Put your hands on your head.
I'm comin' in there!
-[Thomas] Shoupe! You got him?
-Goddamn.
He slipped out the vent
in the laundry room.
[John B grunts, panting]
-He was just in there. He was!
-[Shoupe] Get outside!
He went out the back!
[Topper] He was just in there!
He can't be far.
[Shoupe] I want three deputies
to hit the backyard now!
-Come on. Let's go!
-We'll get him for you, Sheriff!
The suspect is unarmed, all right?
If you ain't sheriff's department,
go home.
[Rafe] Come on. Let's find him.
Let's go. Let's go!
Don't you worry, all right?
We're gonna help.
All right. Come on.
Hey, this way. Let's go.
-[man] Let's go, guys. Let's get him!
-Locate, but do not engage!
[radio chatter]
[Shoupe] He couldn't have gotten far.
-Gotta protect the homeland.
-Hell, yeah.
[woman on radio] ...one-zero-nine-nine...
[Rafe] Where you at, John B?
-Check the other side.
-[Kelce] Got it.
-Hey!
-[Rafe] Hey!
-Where you going? This way!
-[Kelce] Hey!
[clattering]
-[car alarm wailing]
-[Rafe] Yo, hold up.
[panting]
[Kelce] Rafe, somebody set off that alarm.
-[Rafe] Go, go, go, go, go.
-[alarm wailing]
Shit.
-[Kelce] You see him that way?
-[Rafe] No.
[Kelce] Hey, bro. Hey.
Hey, hey. He went this way.
[Rafe] You sure he went that way?
[Kelce] No other way he could have gone.
[Rafe] Hey, do not let him get far,
all right?
-[siren blaring]
-[Rafe] Let's go!
-Hi.
-[woman] Hey.
-Did they catch him?
-Not yet.
Said he's headed to Shem Creek. Come on.
[soft radio chatter]
[distant sirens blaring]
[dog barking]
[cicadas chirping]
[sirens approaching]
[distant sirens blaring]
[whispers] Oh, shit.
[sirens continue]
[rattling]
[thumping]
[breathing shakily]
[laughs]
Hi.
What are you--
-[Sarah] Hi.
-Hi.
[Sarah gasps]
[John B]
I thought I'd never see you again.
[Sarah sobbing]
-Are you okay?
-Yeah.
Yeah, are you?
[Sarah gasps]
-You okay?
-I am.
[footsteps approaching]
-[John B] What are you doing here, Top?
-Hey. Just take it easy, man.
-Just don't fuckin' move!
-Let me--
I just need to talk to Sarah. Please.
-Okay?
-[Sarah] Yeah.
It's not too smart, is it,
meeting up with a fugitive like this?
Hey. I'm not... I'm not...
I'm not gonna do anything, all right?
What?
Are you gonna try to kill me too, man?
-He didn't kill anyone.
-You kidding? He's brainwashed you, Sarah.
-[Sarah] No.
-[Topper] Huh?
-Snap out of it!
-[whispers]
-Hey, everybody! He's up here!
-[bell rings]
-[John B] Shut up!
-[Rafe] He's up here!
-He's up here, everybody!
-Shut your mouth!
-Shut up, Topper!
-All right.
-[Sarah] Topper, knock it off.
-All right--
-[John B] You done?
-I'm sorry.
We're good. Just take it easy.
[breathing shakily]
Sarah, I warned you about
these Pogues, didn't I?
-He's innocent.
-Then who did it, Sarah?
Hm?
Rafe.
What are you talkin' about?
Why would I say
that my own brother did it...
if it wasn't true?
-I was there, Topper.
-Don't lie to me, Sarah.
Sheriff Peterkin
was trying to arrest my father,
and then Rafe shot her.
-No.
-That's my brother.
[siren approaching]
Why would I lie about that?
[Kelce] Yo, I heard the bell.
-Yo, yo.
-[Kelce] Yeah, yeah, that's it.
[Rafe] Shit. Okay. Let's go.
[sirens approaching]
[John B] Shit.
-We've gotta go.
-[Sarah] Yeah.
Sarah, you realize
I'm the one that loves you.
-I don't care right now!
-[Topper] You see--
Do you understand what's going on?
Yo...
-Hey, bro, wait.
-What?
Don't run into an ambush.
I'm sorry for what I did.
I'm sorry,
but this isn't about you.
-Okay?
-What does that mean, Sarah?
Hey, we've gotta go.
Let's smoke him out, then.
Yeah?
Bro, what are you doing?
What are you doing, man?
-Shit.
-Hey, this is war.
Whoo! [laughing]
Sarah, you gotta realize
that he doesn't love you.
-[Sarah] Stop!
-He doesn't love you. It's me that does.
-[John B] Get your hands off her.
-Stop.
He doesn't love you like I do, okay?
And I can prove it.
Sarah, look at me.
Just let me prove it to you.
[radio chatter]
[officer] Shoupe,
fire broke out a few minutes ago.
Okay, folks, back up.
Central, we've got the suspect
in the Old Oak Church chapel.
It's on fire. Send units now.
-[woman] Somebody's in there.
-[Thomas] Get back!
Get back!
Let's get everybody backed up.
Can I get a little help?
-[woman] That's him! The cop killer!
-[Thomas] Back up!
-[man] Get him!
-[Shoupe] On your knees, Routledge!
-Get down!
-[man] John B!
-Hands where we can see 'em!
-[officer] Down!
-Shoot him!
-[Shoupe] Get down!
-Stay back! Routledge, get down!
-[teen] Don't shoot, all right?
-[officer] Get down!
-[Shoupe] Hands up!
-Show me your hands!
-Stand down!
It's Topper.
-[Shoupe] Topper?
-It's Topper. All right?
Just put the guns down, man.
Just put the guns down.
-[glass smashes]
-[John B] Let's go.
God damn it.
What the hell are you doin'?
I don't know what the hell happened
in there, all right?
That's bullshit. I ain't buyin' it.
You need to tell me what's goin' on.
Is this how you treat people
who try to help?
All right, smart-ass.
Thomas! Plumb! Go talk to him.
-Get him in the car.
-[siren wailing]
-[Shoupe] Let's get everybody backed up!
-[grunts]
[Shoupe] There might be people in there!
Somebody get on the bullhorn,
let's get out back.
He's still out there. God damn it.
[sighs]
[John B and Sarah panting]
[suspenseful instrumental music playing]